prefetcher_11: start
dispatch_11: start
dispatch_s : start
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 0
cmd_write_paged is_dram: 1
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 0
cmd_write_paged is_dram: 1
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 0
cmd_write_paged is_dram: 1
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 0
cmd_write_paged is_dram: 1
write offset: 0 28240 102096
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 0
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
num_rows_per_core: 1
origin_H: 23
origin_W: 23
num_inner: 2
block_size: 2
gamma_has_value: true
beta_has_value: true
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_packed_large
cmd_write_packed
cmd_notify_dispatch_s_go_signal
 DISPATCH_S_NOTIFY BARRIER
cmd_wait
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
mean_has_value: true
rstd_has_value: true
is_lastdim_layernorm: false
is_groupnorm: true
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_linear_h_host
cmd_wait
 DISPATCH BARRIER
prefetcher_11: out
 DISPATCH WAIT 183b0 count 56
cmd_write_packed
cmd_write_linear_h_host
dispatch terminate
dispatch_11: out
dispatch_s : done
